Worksheet 1
---------------


1.What are the functions of bitwise operators AND, OR, XOR, and shift operations?

2.Write a program to perform the following operations on the Least and Most Significant Bits (LSB/MSB) of a given integer:

Set the LSB to 1
Clear the LSB (set to 0)
Toggle the LSB
Set the MSB to 1
Clear the MSB (set to 0)
Toggle the MSB
Set a specific bit to 1
Clear a specific bit
Toggle a specific bit

3.Write a program to modify specific portions of a given integer:

Set all bits in the Least Significant Byte (LSB) to 1
Set all bits in the Most Significant Byte (MSB) to 1
Set all bits in the Least Significant Nibble to 1
Set all bits in the Most Significant Nibble to 1
Set n bits to 1 (user input)
Clear n bits (set to 0), with n as input
Toggle n bits (user input)

4.Write a program to check bit status in an integer:
Check if LSB is set (1) or not (0)
Check if MSB is set (1) or not (0)
Check if the nth bit is set (1) or not (0) (user input)

5.Write macros to set, clear, and toggle the nth bit using bitwise operators.

6.Write a C program to count the number of set bits in an unsigned integer.

7.How can you count the number of set bits in a floating-point number?

8.Write a C program to count the number of bits set to 1 in an integer. Also compare different methods. Additionally, check if the 20th bit of a 32-bit integer is set.

9.Write a C program to check whether a number is a power of 2 using bitwise operations.

10.Write a C program to determine whether a number is odd or even using bitwise operators.

11.Implement the function setbits(x, p, n, y) that sets n bits in x starting at position p with the rightmost n bits of y.

12.Given two integers A and B, write a program to count the number of bits that need to be flipped to convert A into B.

13.Write a program to reverse all bits in an integer.

14.Write a program to reverse:

Bits at odd positions
Bits at even positions

15.Write a program to multiply a number by 9 using bitwise shift operations.

16.Write a program to determine the size (in bits) of an integer using bit shifts.

17.Write a program to convert a Little Endian integer to its Big Endian equivalent.




